[Music]
play the song you want to know C chord
and a G chord using this shape of the G
notice that I use these fingerings from
this fingering for my G I got a capo on
the 2nd fret by the way and it's a
finger style song so I'm gonna play my C
chord and it's actually C major 7 at
first I take my 1st finger away and and
pick the strings of the C chord with my
fingers and then bring that 1st finger
back down take it up again and then to
the G chord if you use this shape of the
G then you can just take these fingers
the first finger and the third finger
and slide those fingers up to the 7th
now this is relative to the capo to the
7th fret and then pick your strings like
this
[Music]
let's slide that shape down slide your
first finger down a whole step and slide
your third finger down only a half of a
step so my my first finger is gonna come
down a whole step to the fifth fret and
my third finger is gonna be now on the
seventh fret so hopefully you can see
what I'm doing there why are you playing
those open strings you can be on your
way back down to a C chord again
[Music]
the chorus and the course and the song
is pretty easy you know I don't think
you'll have any trouble strumming those
chords they're like you know common Imai
neurs and G's and C's and DS and all
that that's the tricky part of the song
right there I hope that helps you if you
can sing that song and play it most new
video I'd love to see it it's pretty
tough to do to make it sound like Tracy
Chapman you've got to have quite a bit
of coordination that's an easy song to
play it's an easy song to sing it's
tough to put those two things together
but hopefully this will help you play
the chords for Tracy Chapman's fast car
thanks a lot